refines the observable10 scheme (#1947)
observablehq/plot: CHANGELOG.md

Year: **Current (2023)** · [2022](./CHANGELOG-2022.md) · [2021](./CHANGELOG-2021.md)

## 0.6.13

[Released December 13, 2023.](https://github.com/observablehq/plot/releases/tag/v0.6.13)

> Reorders the *observable10* categorical color scheme to better align with *tableau10*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixes the *observable10* categorical color scheme. In 0.6.12, we inadvertently published an earlier draft; this fixed version better aligns the order of colors with *tableau10*.
```
